Update RSE attributes documentation. Resolves #399. (#403)
rucio/documentation: docs/operator/configuration_parameters.md

    cache provider for auth tokens. If False, use a private in-memory cache.
    Default: `False`
#### **common**

>   - **extract_scope**: _(Optional)_ Default: `atlas`.

Reviewer: @bjwhite-fnal Can you address this? Otherwise I think we can merge

#### **vo-map**
  - ***VO***: _(Optional)_ Internal short VO name. No default.

## RSE settings

> The RSE settings are set separately using `rucio.RSEClient.update_rse` or `rucio-admin rse update`, and specifies RSE configuration used by the Rucio instance.

Reviewer: Unrelated to the content itself but after 36 it should be

```suggestion
The RSE settings are set separately using `rucio.RSEClient.update_rse` or `rucio rse update`, and specifies RSE configuration used by the Rucio instance.
```

- **rse_type**: String: Specify `DISK` or `TAPE` for control of [QoS](https://rucio.github.io/documentation/operator/qos_rse_config). Default: `DISK`.
- **sign_url**: Optional[str]. Enable cloud support for this storage element. No default.
- **staging_area**: Boolean.Specify if this RSE is a disk buffer to a tertiary storage backend, subject to additional constraints (specifically a lifetime for rules on this RSE must be defined). Default: `False`.
- **third_party_copy_read_protocol**: Integer: Cannot be changed. Controls matching of protocol priorities for TPC reads. Default `1`.
- **third_party_copy_write_protocol**: Integer: Cannot be changed. Controls matching of protocol priorities for TPC writes. Default `1`.
- **verify_checksum**: Boolean: Specifies if the RSE has support for checksum verification. Default: `True`.
- **volatile**: Boolean. Specifies if the RSE is cache storage. Subject to volatile RSE retrictions detailed [here](https://rucio.github.io/documentation/operator/qos_rse_config). Default: `False`.
- **write_protocol**: Integer: Cannot be changed. Controls matching of protocol priorities for writes. Default: `1`.

## RSE attributes

> The RSE Attributes are set separately using `rucio.RSEClient` or `rucio-admin`,

Reviewer: Should also be 
```suggestion
The RSE Attributes are set separately using `rucio.RSEClient.add_rse_attribute` or `rucio rse attribute add`,
```

- **block_manual_approval**: Boolean. Disable manual rule approval for this RSE. Default: `False`.
- **bittorrent_tracker_addr**: String. Used to configure the URL of the bittorrent tracker API when using the torrent transfer manager. No Default.
- **checksum_key**: String. Used to specify an alternate RSE attribute to search for supported checksums beyond those with global support (ADLER32, MD5). Default: `supported_checksums`.
- **country**: String. Used for country level granularity of RSE selectors. No default.
- **decommission**: Boolean. Indicates to the RSE Decommissioning Daemon that this RSE is to be decommissioned. Default: `False`.
- **driver_name_rse_attribute**: String. Used to specify alternate drivers when using the Bittorrent transfer manager. Default: `bittorrent_driver`.
- **fts**: String. Specify the REST API URL of the FTS3 transfer manager. No default.
- **greedyDeletion**: Boolean. Allow files without a rule locking them to be deleted by a Reaper Daemon. Default behavior only marks a file for deletion when there is no space on an RSE for a new required file. Default: `False`.

> - **group_by_rse_attribute**: String. Control the RSE attribute (such as `country`) which transfer source RSEs will be grouped by when determining an appopriate transfer source. Default: `UNKNOWN`.

Reviewer: Is country an attribute? I thought it was a setting?

Author: `country` is an attribute.
`country_name` is a setting.

Lends some credence to the statement this morning that the RSE settings and attributes could use some cleanup.

Author: I don't think that the `country_name` setting does anything anymore, in lieu of the  `country` attribute, so I left it out.

- **is_object_store**: Boolean. Control the auditor daemon's behavior. Instead of dumping all files, list them by date. Default: `False`.
- **istape**: Boolean. Default: `False`.
- **lfn2pfn_algorithm**: String. Name of the algorithm to be used for generating paths to files on the storage. Must be defined in the configured policy package. Default: `default`.
- **mock**: Boolean. Default: `False`.
- **multihop_tombstone_delay**: Integer. Delay before a multihop transfer intermediate rule is to be deleted. Defined in seconds. Default: `7200`.
- **naming_convention**: String. Name of the algorithm in the configured policy package which is to be used to validate DIDs on this RSE. Default: `None`.
- **oidc_support**: Boolean. Specifies that the RSE supports OIDC authentication for FTS3 transfers. Default: `False`.
- **overwrite_when_only_on_disk**: Boolean. On a `TAPE` RSE, controls if a file can be overwritten. A file may only be overwritten if it has not yet been written to the tape backend. Default: `False`.
- **overwrite**: Boolean. Controls if a file can be overwritten on the RSE. Default: `True` for `rse_type: DISK`. `False` for `rse_type: TAPE`. 

> - **physgroup**: Default: ` `.

Reviewer: This one super isn't self explanatory to my eyes, what is this attr?

Author: Used only by ATLAS (maybe CMS) for rule grouping. I'll fix that.

- **qbittorrent_management_address**: String. Used to configure the URL of the bittorrent management API when using the torrent transfer manager. No Default.

> - **quota_approvers**: Separated by commas. Default: `None`.

Reviewer: Does `quota_approvers` have to be user names or emails or what? What is it used for?

- **restricted_read**: Boolean. If True, only allow transfers FROM this RSE if started by an account with admin privileges. Default: `False`
- **restricted_write**: Boolean. If True, only allow transfers TO this RSE if started by an account with admin privileges. Default: `False`
- **rule_approvers**: Separated by commas. No default.

> - **rule_deleters**: Separated by commas. No default.

Reviewer: I have the same question about `rule_{approvers/deleters}` that I have about `quota_approvers`

Read more about RSEs [here](../started/concepts/rucio_storage_element.md)
and how to set them up [here](./configuration.md#creating-new-rses).

> - **associated_sites**: <!--??--> String. Separated by commas. Used for chaining of subscriptions so that transfers to one RSE will also be mirrored to associated_sites. No default.

Reviewer: The `<!--??-->` doesn't seem to do anything, so now may be the best time to just take them out to avoid confusion.

> - **archive_timeout**: <!--??--> Integer: For transfers with a tape destination, control the number of seconds Rucio will wait for the tape archival of the file to complete. No default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **archive_timeout**: <!--??--> Integer. Only used for transfers with a tape destination. Controls the number of seconds Rucio will wait for the tape archival of the file to complete. No default.
```

Not completely clear why Rucio would need to wait at all, is this the delay before marking a file as completed? What operation does it move onto?

Author: This is controlling the timeout for a file to make it to tape, where Rucio wants to be certain the file has been archived to tertiary storage before marking the transfer to the tape RSE as complete.

Author: To clarify this a little more accurately, `archive_timeout` is actually passed as a job parameter to FTS3. From the Rucio perspective the DID just stays in REPLICATING. To FTS3 this state is in ARCHIVING, which transitions to FAILED or FINISHED as appropriate.

I guess I can clarify the note on this a little better.

> - **auto_approve_bytes**: <!--??--> Auto Approve Limit. Example: `500GB`. No default.

Reviewer: Is this value under which transfers are automatically approved? Worth making that explicit. Same for `auto-approve-files`

- **auto_approve_files**: <!--??--> No default.
- **available_for_multihop**:  <!--??--> Boolean. If True, allow to use this RSE as an intermediate hop in a multi-hop transfer. Default: `False`.
- **block_manual_approval**: <!--??--> Boolean. Default: `False`.
- **bittorrent_tracker_addr**: <!--??--> String. Used to configure the URL of the bittorrent tracker API when using the torrent transfer manager. No Default.
- **checksum_key**: <!--??--> String. Used to specify an alternate RSE attribute to search for supported checksums beyond those with global support (ADLER32, MD5). Default: `supported_checksums`.
- **country**: <!--??--> String. Used for country level granularity of RSE selectors. No default.

> - **driver_name_rse_attribute**: <!--??--> String. Used to specify alternate drivers when using the Bittorrent transfer manager. Default: `bittorrent_driver`.

Reviewer: Should the list of supported drivers be included?

Author: I'm not sure what the supported drivers are, despite trying to find examples of others. Since this is specific to the BitTorrent implementation Radu Carpa set up, I think I need to defer to @bari12 for an answer here.

- **fts**: <!--??--> String. Specify the REST API URL of the FTS3 transfer manager. No default.

> - **greedyDeletion**: <!--??--> Boolean. Control if files on an RSE with no rule locking them there should be deleted by the Reaper. Default says that files should only be deleted when additional space on the RSE is required. Default: `False`.

Reviewer: Unrelated to your PR but making a comment to reference. Should `greedyDeletion` be un-camel-cased? It's def an odd duck compared to the rest of the names.

Author: I certainly could get on board with that. It's actually bit me before when years ago (probably 2020) I configured an RSE for DUNE and had it with underscores.

> - **greedyDeletion**: <!--??--> Boolean. Control if files on an RSE with no rule locking them there should be deleted by the Reaper. Default says that files should only be deleted when additional space on the RSE is required. Default: `False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **greedyDeletion**: <!--??--> Boolean. Allow files without a rule locking them to be deleted by a Reaper Daemon. Default behavior only marks a file for deletion when there is no space on an RSE for a new required file. Default: `False`.
```

> - **group_by_rse_attribute**: <!--??--> String. Control the RSE attribute (such as `country`) which transfer source RSEs will be grouped by when determining an appopriate transfer source. Default: `UNKNOWN`.

Author: That's difficult to do, as a site can pick it's own additional RSE attributes to group by. Even `country` for example isn't actually required, and it could be anything. For example DUNE uses a `US_SITES: True` and `SITES: US_FNAL-Fermigrid` attributes, but it could be anything even as far-fetched as `I_LOVE_CATS: Yup-I-Do`.

> - **hop_penalty**: <!--??--> Integer. Cost of passing via this RSE in multi-hop

Reviewer: Can we stick these all on the same line? Also, maybe we can list to the transfer section of docs explaining what multi-hop is
